What's going on?
What happened?
Stop putting on airs here
Facing the Four Grandmasters
Even if you have a hundred lives, it's a dead end
Then I'll try it.
The fairy wine in the hinterland can be used to fight and become a soldier
Objects become gods
Don't say I underestimate you
I will use this wine bottle
You can beat it. You beg grandpa to rely on grandma.
Hahahahaha
Playing a prince must be a little bad
Walking through the wine bottle hitting people
You think there are dojo disasters across from you
This is loyalty
Yuhuan is begging for death
Why is this happening?
What is he trying to do?
I'm going to apologize for the last time.
Responsible for death
Throughout Nanyang
You are the first to dare to challenge my authority
People can't be feared
The deity is broken
This life is safe
Fry me boy
I'll show you what a grandmaster is
Unbroken blood
Invincible
The wind blows invincibly
Next